in Jack Leicester's absence David had to
take on the role of catching animals
including snakes it looked enormous and
from its size and markings I was quite
sure that it was a Python and therefore
non poisonous which was something of a
relief so I thought oh this is the
moment nothing frightened I skipped up
the tree and took out my trusty Cutlass
and I thought I won't grapple with the
snake up in the tree oh I'll cut the
branch down
the bonds came down and by nip down the
tree and and and then was had to face
the Python so I tried to remember what
I'd learned in most African I've picked
up a sack and tried to throw it over
animals head very inexpertly I must say
were nowhere near head but I was kidding
I was quite nervous after all
but eventually I managed to throw it
over the animals head and grasp it by
the neck it's important to grab his tail
as soon as you grab his head otherwise
he'll wrap his great coils around you
and give you a very nasty squeeze
there's something just about him just
the way he the way he moves the way he
speaks it's very relaxing I'd be in no
threat no yes not round round